Update the dev docs to flow nicer (#1420)
kanidm/kanidm: book/src/DEVELOPER_README.md

## Getting Started (for Developers)

### Setup the Server

It's important before you start trying to write code and contribute that you understand

> what Kanidm does and it's goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what Kanidm does and its goals.
```

directly. This means you don't need to build the Web UI yourself.

The Web UI uses Rust WebAssembly rather than Javascript. To build this you need to set up the
environment:

```bash
cargo install wasm-pack
```

Then you are able to build the UI:

```bash
cd server/web_ui/
./build_wasm_dev.sh
```

To build for release, run `build_wasm_release.sh`.

The "developer" profile for kanidmd will automatically use the pkg output in this folder.

#### Development Server for Interactive Testing

Especially if you wish to develop the WebUI then the ability to run the server from the source
tree is critical.

Once you have the source code, you need encryption certificates to use with the server, because
without certificates, authentication will fail.

We recommend using [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org), but if this is not possible, please use
our insecure certificate tool (`scripts/insecure_generate_tls.sh`). The insecure certificate tool
creates `/tmp/kanidm` and puts some self-signed certificates there.

**NOTE:** Windows developers can use `scripts/insecure_generate_tls.ps1`, which puts everything (including a

> templated confi gfile) in `$TEMP\kanidm`. Please adjust paths below to suit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
templated config file) in `$TEMP\kanidm`. Please adjust paths below to suit.
```
